Why are you taking the back-end class? What are your current expectations of the back-end class?

I am very new to back-end, and frankly learned most of what I know about the front-end just very recently. 
I want to expand my technical knowledge and learn as much as I can so that I can be a more competitive applicant
to a variety of different jobs. Also, I really love learning, and this class has been awesome in the sense that I 
am learning and seeing a lot of new things for the first time. 

Right now, I am struggling with back-end as I think I am failing to see the bigger picture of using java-script. I try to keep
up with what you're doing, but I think I'm struggling to see the larger purpose of it. I think, once I start to make 
that connection it will click with me a bit more. I'm also struggling with remembering all the different elements
and statements and how they work, but I appreciate the work you're doing in trying to explain everything. I have started \
reading the online java script book, and I hope I can put everything together a little more. I'm excited to be in the class.


Before front-end class, did you have coding experience? What computer language(s) and how long ago?

I did not have any coding experience before this class. 


What front-end topics did you find difficult or what did you struggle with?

At first, I struggled heavily with CSS, but now I feel a lot more comfortable with it, though I know I still have a lot more to learn.
I just want more of it, I really like it.
I love that we got a chance to practice it more with freecodecamp.org.


Did the front-end class meet your expectations? Explain how it did or did not.
Yeah, it absolutely met my expectations. I just want to have even more of it. Obviously we don't have as much
time as we want, but I loved learning everything about front-end, and can't wait to delve even deeper
into it. I feel like I learned so much already, but am shocked and excited to see how much more there is to
learn about it.


Are you switching careers or looking to add skills to your resume? Why?
I am definitely looking to add skills to my resume, so I can give myself more of a chance to get hired
in a field that only seems to be expanding and becoming more and more important. These skills that
we are learning in your class seem to open a lot of different avenues into a variety of different 
positions and jobs. 


What books or other resources are you depending on outside of class to enhance your learning?
Right now, it's been mostly the online resources you have provided in your class, I'm looking for 
places like freecodecamp.org that let you have hands-on experience in doing tasks, and I would love 
to find a site where I can work on a portfolio that is perhaps dictated by assignments given me
by the website. I learn the best by doing it hands on and that is why I have really liked the projects
you gave us in front-end.


Other than HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, what other computer languages are you currently learning or are interested in learning? Why?
I really want to foucs in on just the languages that we are learning right now. I am nowhere near being proficient, and want
to gain a greater level of competency in these languages before I try to take on something new.

Where do you see the industry going in the future?
To greater heights. Tech is the leading industry in the world and the wave of the future. I want to make sure I don't get
left behind.


After taking the back-end class do you plan or have already planned on continuing your learning in tech? What specifically do you plan on focusing?
I don't really know. I definitely want to continue learning and could use some advice on how to do that and what some resources
are that I could explore to continue my education. I want to become very proficient in CSS and Javascript and become very well versed in these 
languages. 

